DNS Server -> Global public Directory, that stotred the value in key-value(amazon.com -> 10.2.3.4);

What is Fualt Tolerence?
a system's ability to continue operating without interruption even if one or more components fail.


Types of scaling : Vertical Scalling and Horizontal Scaling.

1.Vertical Scaling:
	We are increasing resource/capacity of the system like increasing the CPU, RAM, Processor, etc in one system.
	Drawback: DownTime -> We can not do VS in running machine, coz we have to restart after adding the resources
2.Horizontal Scaling:
	In this we use the mutiple server instead of invreaing resouce to at one server.
	If the traffic is increase we will simultanously increase the server.
	Issue: how user know the which server we have to req?
		Sol: Use the load balance(Server) that send or distribute the req to multiple servers. In amazon term we call it as ELB(Elastic Load Balnce
		Note: we give the LB ip to the DNS. also LB check the health of server that manage the traffic/load to scale.
	Some times LB also down, bt amazon ELB its has the include micro micro machine, mutiple threads and workers are there they can efficiently handle
	
	
In Microservice architecture service
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
SQS -> Simple Queue System , SQS uses the PULL machinsme (It is ONE:ONE)
In this 2 terms are there, One is Push machanisme and second is pull
In pull mechanism the worker/other microservice will pull the req from the Queue system.(In this some specfic time Worker/ms will ask the queue that you have any req?)
In Push mechanism the Queue system will the push/ send the req to the microservice


PUB/SUB Model : (It is ONE:MANY) It uses the event-driven architecture.
	When to use: When you want to do multiple task when event is trigger
		Example: When payment is done, You have to send Email(User,Vendor),SMS,etc
	Drawback: It is not giving acknowledgment
		
SNS(Simple Notification Service) :
	In this case all microservice will lesson to the SNS, If new event is trigger its notified the all microservices that listen the SNS.
	

FANOUT Architecture:
	It uses the PUB/SUB and SQS Internally.

Rate Limiting : How to req you send in given time of point.
	Types of Rate Limiting Strategies
	1.Leaky Bucket
	2.Token Bucket  